The first rodeo I performed in front
of an audience, I was eight years old.
We were considered
one of the top two acts in rodeo.
My strength lay in my fearlessness.
Even though there was
a certain amount of excitement
—it was fun to travel,
to be together as a family—
it was empty.
Trick riding is like gymnastics
on the back of a running horse.
We’ve had horses all of our lives.
My father specialized in training horses.
He used to send us to the mountains,
riding all day long.
And then we’d come home
in the evening,
and we would start trick riding.
The way we learned was by a book.
We looked at stick pictures
that showed how it should be done,
and so it was trial and error.
At the same time that we were learning,
our horses were learning.
The horse that I rode
just let me do anything.
My horse’s name was Sweet Lips.
I was eight when I got him,
and I named him myself.
He was like my best friend.
My parents were very active
in the rodeo as competitors.
My mom was barrel racing;
my father was
a saddle bronc rider.
I grew up as
one of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
but when I was very young,
maybe six or seven,
my father stopped
serving Jehovah.
To be honest with you,
when they announced that
at the Kingdom Hall,
it really didn’t have
much meaning to me at the time.
I didn’t know what it meant.
And I could see people crying,
and so I cried.
But I didn’t really understand it.
Really, from that point, our family
was not active as Jehovah’s Witnesses.
I grew up on the road,
traveling rodeo to rodeo
—from coast to coast
and from the south to the north—
as far as the roads go.
The four of us rode initially
—Connie; Kelly; myself;
and my brother, Jim.
Our family traveled together.
That meant a lot to me.
What separated us
from the others at the time
was the high speed
that we did it at and also
the difficulty with the tricks
that we chose to do.
People were very excited.
They would hire us back
at the same place year after year.
Throughout all that time,
we did not miss one Memorial.
We were always there.
There was something in us.
We didn’t know it
when we were little,
but my parents
had succeeded
in planting
the truth in our hearts.
My link to the truth
was my grandmother.
I can remember going
to the ranch and visiting her.
She was very busy, but one thing
that really sticks in my mind
is she always studied
—every day.
She read her Bible.
Her magazines were studied.
And I think it just put a seed in there
that later on started to grow.
I just felt like
I needed direction.
It’s like a line
was drawn in the sand.
Take one path or the other.
And so, ironically,
the first book
that I picked up
to read was the Bible.
One of the scriptures
that probably
meant the most to me
was Proverbs 3:5,6:
“Trust in Jehovah
with all your heart
“and do not lean upon
your own understanding.
“In all your ways
take notice of him,
and he himself
will make your paths straight.”
I used to think
about those words
and what I would have to do
to live up to them.
Although we traveled
with the rodeo
about ten months
out of the year,
we did go
to the district convention,
and the Live Forever book
came out.
And there just came a time
when I knew
I—I needed to make changes.
A sister started
studying with me,
and as I started reading
the Bible for myself and studying,
then Jehovah became real.
All it took was one or two people,
and the whole family followed.
My father too returned to the truth.
Trick riding was our family business.
It was our livelihood,
but we had decided that we were done.
We were going to stop.
With that decision would come
giving up everything we knew.
I think—I think the most difficult thing
for me to do was to sell the horse
—you just, you just get
such a close bond with them
when you’re putting
your life in their hands like that—
but I was willing to do that.
I just—
I knew what I wanted to do;
I did it.
I got baptized
in October of ʼ85.
Our last performance
was in February of ʼ86.
We just finished out
our contracts.
I started pioneering
in September of ʼ86,
and I’ve never stopped.
I also married a man
who loves Jehovah.
We’ve had
the privilege of working
on international construction projects.
We went to Mexico.
We went to Venezuela.
My father is an elder.
My mom is pioneering.
In fact, all of my siblings
have been able
to regular pioneer
at some point in their lives.
We’re presently in the circuit work.
Serving Jehovah together
is such a blessing.
Everything that we do
every day is for Jehovah.
That’s what I wanted to do
when I made this decision.
If I would have taken
that other path when I was young,
I may not be alive today.
What I did was dangerous.
Even fame and fortune in the world
—there’s nothing there.
I wanted “the real life.”
I wanted to serve Jehovah.
I have no regrets.
If I could change anything
when it comes
to my service to Jehovah,
I would change nothing!
I would just do it better.